1)my sister was "brasher" her teeth five minutes ago.
2)brnda and steve were in a restaurant yesterday.
3)this morning we would  talking while walking.
4)today my son's help me with the computer.
5)always calling you for two hours last night.
6)you where sleeping while always on the phone.
7)susan was walking her dog with her boyfriend two days ago.
8)A mounth ago my neighbors where washing their car.
9)i was studying english last year.
10) my brothers were planing a trip to europe, last week.
11)kelly was a gardener but now a days she is a doctor. 
12) the other day we would feeling sad but todday we are happy 
13) Miguel was reading his book since last year 
14) las class we would learning and practicing englush for two hours.
15) how long ago was gina smoking yesterday afternoon. 
16) my friends were are at the cinema yesterday while  i was at the mall.
17) i was trying to open the door of my house for two hours.
18) right now clark is reading the news but he was taking a shower twenty minutes ago.
19) how long do you drive last night .
20) you would practicing and listening for some minutes.
      





1)my sister was brusing her teeth five minutes ago 
2)Brenda and steve were in a restaurant yesterday
3)this morning we were talking while walking 
4)today my son's helping me with my computer 
5) i was calling you for two hours last night 
6)you were sleeping while i was on the phone.
7)susan was walking her dog with her boyfriend to days ago.
8)a mounth ago my neighbors were washing their car.
9)i was studying english last year
10)my brothers were planing a trip to europe last week
11)kelly was a gardener but nowdays she is a doctor 
12)the other day we were felling sad but today were happy.
13)miguel was writhing his book since last year.
14)last class we were  learning and practicing english for two hours  
15)how long ago was gina smoking yesterday afternoon.
16) my friends were are at the cinema yesterday while i was at the mall.
17) i was trying open the door of my house for two hours 
18)right now clark is reading the news but he was taking a shower twenty minutes ago
19)how long  were you drivin last night 
20)you were practicing you listening for some minutes 

