helo my name  is alex i liven in a small house in cansas city in united states i live with my wife genda an my two childen miguel and sofia.
would like to live in a big house but we love our small house, in our house there are only two bedrooms there is one bathroom and te living room there is a small kitchen.
and a dainingroom there isn't a yard in our house 

1) alex live in a small house in cansas city
2) alex and glernda have two childrens miguel and sofia
3) they would like to live in a big house but they like their small house 
4) they are two bedrooms in their house
5) no, they are a small kitchen in their house

my wife doesn't work very often, because she prefer to stay at home with a children 
how ever a friend of mine has a restaurant and he whants to go to the restaurant on weekends.
she works there as a witers and she is really well payd 

1) his wife doesn't work very often 
2) on weekends glenda works in a them firend restaurant
3) she does 
4) she is really well payded  


i work for a big company in cansas city how like to spend more time with my family but i can't. i have to work almost for teen hours every day.
i'm an old men now and i shoud be in my house restroom. play with my children o watching tv with my wife on the sofa
 
1)no, alex can't speends time with his family, because he works teen hours every day 
2)he works teen hours every day 
3)no there isn't a young man, he is a old man 
4) alex would like to be in his house whit is childen o watching tv with his wife on the sofa

on this moment my son is in the school  in the classroom he's studying english with five friends.
he speak english badly but he is traying to speak english well. he studyes from 8 am to 11 am every day 
his teacher says that my son  should practice more and shoudn't paly te guitar all day.
he palys the guitar really well, he fequently go to bars and paths to plays the guitar.
he like to be a singer 
   
1) miguel's son is in the scholl in the classroom
2) no his son isn't studying fench, bechause he's studying english 
3) no he isn't studying with teen friends, he studyes with 5 friends
4) miguel studyes 3 hours every day.
5) miguel speak english badly.
6) what does his teacher says.
7) miguel play the guitar really well
8) miguel frequenly go to bars and paths ti pays the guitar.
9) he liker to be a singer 

my daugether sofia doesn't studying english because she speak english perfectly. 
she speaks english all day with ourneibors and friends at this moment she is in the park with her friend carla eating icecream and playing with hers dog sam.
she doesnt like cats and i don't like cat either

1) no, sofia doesn't study english.
2) she speaks english perfectly.   
3) she speaks englush very frequenly with ourneibors and friends 
4) no, she doesn't speak english with her brother
5) they are in the park  eating icecream and playing with hers dog sam.
6) they are in the park eating icecream and playing with hers dog sam.
7) no, she doesn't have a cat, because she doesn't like cats
8) no, alex doesn't like cats

glenda my wife is in the garden with her mother lucia they're plating flowers and watering  the plants.
my son miguel doesn't like plants and me neither. my wife would like to have plants every were 

1) glenda is in the garden with her mother lucia
2) her mother's name is lucia.
no3) they're plating flowers and watering the platns 
4) migel doesn't like platnts ang alex neither.
5) she would like to have plants everywere.

doris is my mother she doesn't live in united states she lives in argentina whit my father.
they wouldn't like to visit us because they say that english is quite dificult, and they are pretty old to learn it.
i love my parenths to come one day. but i tink would should  visit them next year.

1) doris is alex's mother
2) she lives in argentina.
3) they wouldn't visit alex because they say english is quite dificult 
4) yes, he would like to visit her parents one day sonmtime the next year.
5) he would like visit his parents on sometime the next year

the house of my mother is big, they are five bedroms in each bedroom there is a big bed, there is a big window and samll bathroom, there is a smalll yard but there is a large backyard
in the backyard there are five tall threes, there is a large and beautiful livingroom with five new sofas. there is a large kitchen. in a nice dinnigroom too.

1)his mother's house is big.
2)there are five berdooms in her house
3)no, because there is a small yard in her house
4)there are five tall threes in the backyard.
5)no, because there are a beautiful livingroom with five new sofas

my mother lives with my father an two cats there only two people in that big house  at this moment my father is on the sofa watching tv and eating popcorn.
my mother is in the berdoroom on the bed, she is watching a movie and sewing a dress. this is a part of my life i like to know something about yours very soon.

1) no, his mother live with two cats
2) his father is on the sofa 
3) his father is watching tv an eating popcorn
4) his mother is in her  bedroom on the bed.
5) she is watching a movie an sewing a dress.

 
3)    
